ObjectAL for iPhone and Mac
===========================

### Mac and iOS Audio, minus the headache.

So you want to add audio to your app. Usually your audio needs are something like:

* Play, Pause, Stop, Loop
* Volume, Pitch, Pan, Mute
* Maybe some "power user" stuff, such as preloading and session control


### But you want *more* than that.

* You want it to be **intuitive** and **easy**.
* You want to get up and running **fast**.
* But most of all, you want it to **JUST BLOODY WORK**!


### ObjectAL removes the pain.

ObjectAL shields you from the nastiness of audio programming on iOS and Mac.

* It knows how to manage audio sessions.
* It knows OpenAL and AVAudioPlayer.
* It knows what bugs are in which OS version, and how to work around them.
* It knows how to navigate the arcane APIs and perform the right incantations.

ObjectAL layers all that craziness away, giving you a clean, object oriented, Objective-C interface that just *works*.


### With ObjectAL, the simple is easy, and the complex is possible.


---------------------------------------------------------------------


Find Out More
-------------

**Homepage:** <http://kstenerud.github.com/ObjectAL-for-iPhone>

**Github:** <http://github.com/kstenerud/ObjectAL-for-iPhone>

**Documentation:** ObjectAL.pdf (in the repository) or <http://kstenerud.github.com/ObjectAL-for-iPhone/documentation>

**Community:** <http://groups.google.com/group/objectal-for-iphone>

**Download:** <http://kstenerud.github.com/ObjectAL-for-iPhone/downloads.html>

**Repository:** ` git clone http://github.com/kstenerud/ObjectAL-for-iPhone.git `


---------------------------------------------------------------------


License
-------

Copyright (c) 2009 Karl Stenerud. All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall remain in place
in this source code.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Attribution is not required, but appreciated :)
